apps/docs/src/guide/plugins-in-depth/life-cycle.md, before:

# Plugin Life Cycle

Plugins interact with each others and the application through life cycle hooks that are invoked at key points in the 
life of the plugin. Because plugins are meant to have separate instance per applications all hooks are invoked in the 
context of an application.

## Setup

It's where the plugin is defined, it is invoked when a plugin enters the initialization process when you add it to an app,
either via the initial config or at a latter date via `addPlugin`.

From here you will be able to :
- register listeners to other hooks
- register services
- declare your dependency on other plugins
- interact with native APIs or external libraries

and much more...

The `setup` hook is the only hook that is called without respecting the dependencies of the plugin, for the simple reason
that at that point we haven't declared them yet. So if you need to access a service exposed by another plugin or the 
application you should use one of the other hooks listed below.

`setup` is also special in the sense that it is the only hook that is called without a reference to the current 
application because at the moment it is called said application doesn't exist yet.

## BeforeCreate

Called after dependency resolution and before the plugin is added to the application.

After that point all hooks are invoked in order of dependency, plugins that have no dependency are called first then 
come the plugins that depends on them and so on. 

It's the first hook that is invoked after `setup`, it is used internally by `addService` and other built-ins to 
prepare the plugin for instantiation. If you need to create Workers or initialize a third party library this is the 
place to do it. At that point the plugin is still is not completely part of the application.

```js
onBeforeCreate(app => {
    // pre-initialization logic
    
    myLib.init();
});
```

## Created

Called after the plugin is added to the application.

At that point the plugin is fully part of the application and all services are ready to be used, if your plugin needs to
invoke a service's method or access one of its properties it's the place to do it.

```js
onCreated(app => {
    // startup the plugin logic
})
```

## BeforeDestroy

Called just before a plugin is removed from the application.

Use this hook for any teardown logic. If your plugin uses persistent logic you should clean it up here.

This hook is useful during development as it will be invoked before a plugin is replaced by its updated counterpart.

```js
onBeforeDestroy(app => {
    // teardown logic goes here
})
```

## Destroyed <Badge type="tip" text="internal" />

Called after a plugin has been removed from the application.

It is mainly used by the devtools. No helper is available for this hook, this section is for completeness' sake only.

Commit message:

doc(core): expend the service doc

apps/docs/src/guide/plugins-in-depth/life-cycle.md, after:

# Plugin Life Cycle

Plugins interact with each others and the application through life cycle hooks that are invoked at key points in the 
life of the plugin. Because plugins are meant to have separate instance per applications all hooks are invoked in the 
context of an application.

## Setup

It's where the plugin is defined, it is invoked when a plugin enters the initialization process when you add it to an app,
either via the initial config or at a latter date via `addPlugin`.

From here you will be able to :
- register listeners to other hooks
- register services with [`addService`](./adding-services)
- declare your dependency on other plugins with [`dependsOn`](./handling-dependencies)
- interact with native APIs or external libraries

and much more...

The `setup` hook is the only hook that is called without respecting the dependencies of the plugin, for the simple reason
that at that point we haven't declared them yet. So if you need to access a service exposed by another plugin or the 
application you should use one of the other hooks listed below.

`setup` is also special in the sense that it is the only hook that is called without a reference to the current 
application because at the moment it is called said application doesn't exist yet.

## BeforeCreate

Called after dependency resolution and before the plugin is added to the application.

After that point all hooks are invoked in order of dependency, plugins that have no dependency are called first then 
come the plugins that depends on them and so on. 

It's the first hook that is invoked after `setup`, it is used internally by `addService` and other built-ins to 
prepare the plugin for instantiation. If you need to create Workers or initialize a third party library this is the 
place to do it. At that point the plugin is still is not completely part of the application.

```js
onBeforeCreate(app => {
    // pre-initialization logic
    
    myLib.init();
});
```

## Created

Called after the plugin is added to the application.

At that point the plugin is fully part of the application and all services are ready to be used, if your plugin needs to
invoke a service's method or access one of its properties it's the place to do it.

```js
onCreated(app => {
    // startup the plugin logic
})
```

## BeforeDestroy

Called just before a plugin is removed from the application.

Use this hook for any teardown logic. If your plugin uses persistent logic you should clean it up here.

This hook is useful during development as it will be invoked before a plugin is replaced by its updated counterpart.

```js
onBeforeDestroy(app => {
    // teardown logic goes here
})
```

## Destroyed <Badge type="tip" text="internal" />

Called after a plugin has been removed from the application.

It is mainly used by the devtools. No helper is available for this hook, this section is for completeness' sake only.
